collected in the mirror system then it will have a temperature control the
prevents the picture from being distorted deep under the earth
There, astronomers make daily measurements
the game watchers of the earth
make sure that the sun image is stationary and in perfect focus
light
these are the colors of sunlight its spectrum
you can tell him in the spectrum
they give information about the elements of the essential components of the sun
77 already hints at the temperature the rotational speed
and the activity of the magnetic field
the red part of the spectrum
it is attributable to hydrogen
As an essential element of all stars, hydrogen determines much of the
Spectrum in the sunlight
the light rest on us
at a speed of 300 thousand kilometers per second
if the sun is just a guest ball, their spectrum will be just the colors
show a rainbow
but that is not the case
cooler gases in the outer shell of the sun
absorb the light hotter
underlying layers
they show up as lines
At this, scientists can study the different ones on the sun
existing elements of identification
This mainly includes hydrogen from the three quarters of the sun
Sodium magnesium and potassium
the sun is huge
so big
that the earth could sit 100 times on its disk
The looping so-called protocol would dance itself into space and
Sunspots often show signs of domestic activity
in the sun, it is sort of a nuclear reactor
in which hydrogen is converted to helium
the temperature in this process is 25 million degrees
slowly the energy moves outwards
first by radiation then closer to the surface in Conviction Sell
above the surface, the outside atmosphere of the sun is her hello
the shining sun ring
Jürgen new mexico
next to a height of 2700 43 meters
on the Sacramento Peak
is a building that could be called a sun temple
it is an observatory
in which especially the sunspots are explored
set the tone for the clearest and clearest sunbaths in the world
detected
through a tube they are reflected in the depth of the mountain
and keep the sunbathing to a minimum
There is a vacuum in the tube
deep underground
the test was not promoted to a number of instruments
because of this closed catacomb
The sunspots will be those mysterious rashes of time
to time on the face of the sun appear figuratively
it is told
Galileo injured one eye in 1610
as he looks directly at the sun while trying to spot sunspots
I wanted to go to my own gate
Such studies are easier
safely on an observation table reflects two sunspots
in black and white
In color, such a spot resembles a sunflower
in the center the color around was a dark color the time
this is much cooler here in the middle than by heating funds
that seething around them and announces circle forming
an enlargement of this center shows
That is not by a sharp border line from the outside circle of light
is disconnected
at sunspots like this
could devour the earth
such a group of sunspots
occurs within about ten days
and stays active for about two weeks
only a few exist longer
sometimes over a few months
such a merger of the chain of sunspots
can stretch over a distance of nearly 200,000 kilometers
that is about half the distance between earth and moon and
they can stay active for so long
that they are at their monthly rotation
to be carried around the sun several times
very small stains will only last for one or two days
in the middle of this picture
such a small sunspot is only a few hundred miles in diameter and
barely visible in the midst of the bubbles of light Crisis
the sunspots are slightly charcoal
as the circle of light on the whole but even if stains cover the entire sun
she would still light appliances and rice lights
the number of sunspots
reaches a peak in a cycle of eleven years
left a patch of loose sun right during the maximum of the sunspots
in the seventeenth century the sun showed no stains
in Europe there was a short ice age
there may be a connection between sunspots and
the climate on earth
this is the cause of the sunspot's appearance
Magnetic field of the sun as the sun turns
wave and entangle their magnet